chore: add docs about building liftable abstractions (#6803)
winglang/wing: docs/docs/02-concepts/01-preflight-and-inflight.md

Statements within a `lift` block are exempt from the compiler's analyzer that tries to determine preflight object usage automatically.
If an inflight method is directly or indirectly called within a `lift` block without sufficient resource qualifications, it may result in errors at runtime.

> ## Building liftable abstractions

Reviewer: Makes sense I think, but I feel there is a section missing to define inflight hosts? (unless I can't see it somewhere)

> ## Building liftable abstractions

Author: I updated the section title

Statements within a `lift` block are exempt from the compiler's analyzer that tries to determine preflight object usage automatically.
If an inflight method is directly or indirectly called within a `lift` block without sufficient resource qualifications, it may result in errors at runtime.

## Building liftable abstractions

> Compute environments where inflight code is executed are called **inflight hosts**.

Reviewer: Should we have a link to inflight hosts somewhere? Or I think as you said move the title to reflect inflight hosts. First time the term is used, maybe the section should lead with this in the title.

Author: I updated the title -- I think this is the first time we introduce the concept or make it explicit. It could be worth giving the article a broader refresh in the future and see if the concept should be introduced earlier, not sure

> For example, AWS Lambda, Fly.io machines, and Fargate containers are all examples of compute environments that can run inflight code.

Reviewer: I think it's helpful to link out to these concepts, link to AWS Lambda, Fly.io, and Fargate docs somewhere. Allows people to deep deeper if they want to understand more.

> In order to run a piece of inflight code, the inflight host may need to be set up in a certain way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run a piece of inflight code, the inflight host may need to be configured.
```

Author: Fixed

> For example, to run an inflight function that reads from a storage bucket, the inflight host may require permissions to read from the bucket, or may require certain environment variables to be set, or may require network policies must be configured.

Reviewer: Think it's worth linking to https://www.winglang.io/docs/standard-library/cloud/bucket for `storage bucket`?

I'm a fan of helping people out when these terms may be new to them.

Author: Sure thing, done

Preflight classes can be used to encapsulate these requirements.

> Any preflight class can implement a method named `onLift` that is called when the class is used in inflight code, where requirements can be added to the inflight host.

Reviewer: Do we have any more info on onLift where we can link to?

Author: I think so -- I just pushed a change so I think we should be generating some API reference docs where we specify the `onLift` method in the SDK. So there's another place where folks can refer to the method signature / find it in the docs.

I should mention there might be an issue if we try to do the same for `onLiftType`, because the method needs to be implemented right now as a static method. But it's not possible to define an interface that enforces a class implements a static method. For now I'm ok looking over this gap 😅

Here's an example where a class named `Model` requires an AWS Lambda function to have permission to invoke a model inference:

```js playground example
bring aws;

pub class Model {
  modelId: str;
  new(modelId: str) {
    this.modelId = modelId;
  }

  pub inflight invoke(body: Json): Json {
    // call the AWS SDK to invoke the model...
    return "success";
  }

  pub inflight printModelId() {
    log("Model ID: {this.modelId}");
  }

  pub onLift(host: std.IInflightHost, ops: Array<str>) {
    if ops.contains("invoke") {
      if let lambda = aws.Function.from(host) {
        lambda.addPolicyStatements({
          actions: ["bedrock:InvokeModel"],
          effect: aws.Effect.ALLOW,
          resources: [
            "arn:aws:bedrock:*::foundation-model/{this.modelId}"
          ],
        });
      } else {
        throw "Unsupported inflight host type";
      }
    } else {
      // no requirements for other operations
    }
  }
}
```

> Here, `Model` has one public inflight method.

Reviewer: Maybe I'm misunderstanding does it have one or two? `invoke` and `printModelId`?

Author: Oops, you're right. Fixed

Inside the `onLift` method, the class first checks if the "invoke" method was one of the operations requested by the inflight host.

> It then check if inflight host that's trying to use `Model` is an AWS Lambda function, and if so, it adds a policy statement to the Lambda function that allows it to invoke the model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It then checks if the inflight host is an AWS Lambda function, and if so, it adds a [policy statement](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/access_policies.html) to the Lambda function that allows it to invoke the model.
```

Under the hood, the compiler will call `onLift` on the `Model` class once for each inflight host that uses it.

> `onLift` should not be called directly.

Reviewer: `onLift should not be called directly.`, should we have a sentence to explain why?

Author: Maybe? It think reason mainly comes down to the intent of the API as a hook that's meant to be used by the framework - similar to how React lets you define `componentDidMount()` methods on classes, but they aren't meant to be called directly. It's an example of the [hollywood principle](https://deviq.com/principles/hollywood-principle). If you think there's a sentence or clause I could add to clarify this, I'm open to ideas.

There might be technical reasons to avoid calling it directly, like that it could lead to a host getting 
"configured" multiple times, but these reasons aren't set in stone and also might confuse people more.

Reviewer: OK makes sense to me now you explained it, also TIL about the hollywood principle 😄
